Update application labeling guidance (#14095)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/deployment/requirements/index.md

    policies for your service account, your pods have permission to run the Istio init containers.
    Otherwise, you will need to [provide the permission](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/#authorizing-policies).

> - **Pods labels**: We recommend explicitly declaring pods with an application identifier and version by a pod label.
>   These labels add contextual information to the metrics and telemetry that Istio collects.
>   Each of these has can read from multiple different labels, in order of most preferred to least:

Reviewer: Slightly reworded
```suggestion
- **Pod labels**: We recommend explicitly declaring pods with an application identifier and version by using a pod label.
  These labels add contextual information to the metrics and telemetry that Istio collects.
  Each of these values are read from multiple labels ordered from highest to lowest precedence:
```
